JUDY WOODRUFF: But first: the
investigation into Russian
meddling in the 2016 election.
Late today, the Senate Judiciary
Committee rescinded its subpoena
for former Trump campaign
manager Paul Manafort.
Negotiations continue on
when and how he will testify.
Earlier, it was round
two for Jared Kushner.
The president's son-in-law and
senior adviser answered more
questions on Capitol Hill about
his interactions with
Russian officials during
the campaign and beyond.
William Brangham has that.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM:
Yesterday, Kushner released
an 11-page document
detailing several meetings
he had with Russian citizens
and officials while working on
his father-in-law's campaign
and transition.
Kushner said there was
absolutely no collusion
and no improper contacts,
even though he initially
failed to disclose these
meetings, as required by law.
For more on this, we talk with
two lawmakers who questioned
Kushner today in that closed
session.
First, earlier today, I spoke
with Republican Congressman
Chris Stewart of Utah, who's on
the House Intelligence
Committee.
I asked him what questions he
had going into today's meeting.
REP.
CHRIS STEWART (R), Utah: You
know, we wanted to know some
of the details about obviously
his meetings with some of the
people associated with Russia
and who set up those meetings,
what he knew about those
meetings, what came
out of those meetings.
I got to tell you, though, that
for those who are hoping and
looking for the impeachment
of Donald Trump, Jared
Kushner is not that guy.
I mean, he's not going to
carry that narrative chord.
He's very sincere, very honest,
and he just didn't have much
to add to this story in those
who are looking for
evidence of collusion.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: One
of the issues that I
know came up yesterday,
and I'm assuming today,
was his federal disclosure
form, where he, as an incoming
member of the administration,
is supposed to disclose all
these meetings he may have
had with foreign officials.
And apparently he had to
update that document three
different times, saying
he forgot initially.
He chalked it up yesterday to
something of a rookie mistake.
Did your questions to him today
assuage any doubts you might
have about that particular
issue?
REP.
CHRIS STEWART: Yes, you
know, that was one things
we did want to talk about.
And it really was
answered I think to all
of our satisfaction.
And it's really very simple.
The SF-86 is a very
complicated document.
I had to do one as
an Air Force pilot.
You go back 10 years, in
some cases, more than that.
You have to provide in
some cases hundreds of
pages of information.
And it's not at all unusual
for someone to update or
to modify that document.
In fact, they expect
that you will.
They expect that, as you kind
of dive into this process,
you're going to remember things.
And in this case, the
explanation was even
more simple than that.
It was more than it is
a complicated document.
It was that they admit that
they filed that document by
mistake and didn't have some of
this information on.
But they recognized that
immediately, and within
a day had updated it.
And so it wasn't just
Russian officials that
they didn't include.
There were officials with
-- or meetings with King
Abdullah, a meeting with
some other -- Benjamin
Netanyahu, people that they
clearly would have remembered.
They just didn't have it on that
form, recognized that error,
and, I would say within 24 hours
had already corrected it.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: There is
also a question about whether
Kushner had participated in
or asked the Russian ambassador
to help set up this back-channel
line of communications
with the Russians.
Did you talk with him
about that today, and what
did he say about that?
REP.
CHRIS STEWART: Yes, our
conclusion is that he
didn't intend for there
to be any back-channel
communications.
It was just to facilitate
what they thought was
one conversation that
some Russian officials
wanted to have about, you know,
developing relationships with
the incoming administration.
They didn't have any secure
phones, and so they just simply
asked, do you have a secure
phone?
That conversation didn't take
place, and that was really kind
of the beginning and end of
it.
So, it is one of those things
where you do wonder when you
hear about this and you read
the press reports, but then
when you actually have a chance
to talk to the witness, you
realize, again, there is a
very reasonable explanation for
it, and there isn't much more
to pursue.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Some of your
colleagues and some others
have said that, given the
questions swirling around
Kushner, that he shouldn't have
a security clearance to see
top-secret national
security information.
Do you think that that's
-- do you think he should
lose his privileges?
REP.
CHRIS STEWART: No, I
just think that's nuts.
Look, if he's this done
something wrong and if
someone has evidence
that he did something
wrong and that we can actually
say, OK, that's a security
violation or a security concern,
then, well, let's
deal with that.
But if your only objection
to him is saying that he had
to add additional information
to this form that they
requested, then I just
think it's inappropriate
for someone to say
that that would preclude
him from holding a
security clearance.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Lastly,
Congressman, just shifting
gears a tiny bit, the president,
as you know, has been
quite tough recently on
his attorney general.
And I'm just curious
for your take on that.
As a member of his own party,
what does that atmosphere do
to this ongoing investigation?
REP.
CHRIS STEWART: Yes.
You know, I support our
president and I defend
him when it's appropriate
when I think that
he's being, you know, unfairly
attacked or criticized.
But, on the other hand,
there are times when
I disagree with him.
And this is one of those times.
I think the attorney general
is one of the most honorable,
sincere men in government.
That's certainly been my
interactions with him.
And when you see him testify
and others, I think most
American people feel that that
way.
And I don't -- just
don't understand why he
wouldn't and I, in fact,
expect that he should
continue as our
attorney general.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Congressman Chris Stewart, thank
you very much for being here.
REP.
CHRIS STEWART: All
right, thank you.